Documentation changes (#121)
iot-lab/iot-lab-gateway: DEVELOPER.md

    class Customnode(OpenNodeBase):
      TYPE = 'stm32nucleo'
      
In many cases, it's not difficult to add a new node based on a node that is close to it
or to a common type of node. Nodes using openOCD to connect to it can 
derive from `gateway_code.open_nodes.common.node_openocd.NodeOpenOCDBase`, 

> mostly just providing a `OPENOCD_CFG_FILE` attributes is enough. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mostly just providing a `OPENOCD_CFG_FILE` attribute is enough. 
```

Testing your implementation
===========================

> For unit-testing and integration-testin it's recommended you use the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For unit-testing and integration-testing it's recommended to use the 
```

provided Docker images, but you can test without Docker if you want.

### Unit tests

The purpose of unit tests is to verify your Python code,
independently from connections to a physical board.

### Integration tests

The purpose of integration tests is to verify that your flashing tool
and firmwares behave as expected when called by the gateway code. 

Using Docker
------------

You should read [DOCKER.md](DOCKER.md) for prerequisites

> Once udev rules and the base `iot-lab-gateway` image is built: build the testing image:

Reviewer: This sentence is weird.

Note that there's a target to setup the udev-rules on the host computer:

```
make setup-udev-rules
```

So maybe say something like:

```md
Setup udev-rules
----------------

The udev-rules must be setup on the host computer in order to map the custom iotlab TTY in the docker container:

    make setup-udev-rules

Using Docker
------------

You should read [DOCKER.md](DOCKER.md) for prerequisites

Build the testing image:

    make build-docker-image-test

```

Author: ok, I've corrected that part

        docker@default:~$ git clone https://www.github.com/iot-lab/iot-lab-gateway.git && cd iot-lab-gateway
        docker@default:~$ sudo cp bin/rules.d/* /etc/udev/rules.d/.
        docker@default:~$ sudo udevadm control --reload

> 1. Thanks to the VirtualBox GUI or via VBoxManage command line, add a USB device filter for the device  used as Open Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Thanks to the VirtualBox GUI or via VBoxManage command line, add a USB device filter for the device used as Open Node.
```

        $ VBoxManage controlvm default natpf1 "serial_redirection,tcp,127.0.0.1,20000,,20000"

Build the docker image and run `docker-run` as explained above.

> There might be similar problems with running under Windows with certain versions of Docker for Windows, or inside a Ubuntu VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There might be similar problems when running under Windows with certain versions of Docker for Windows, or inside a Ubuntu VM
```

> on a Windows host, don't hesitate to contact us if you're facing problems with the setup. The setup should be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a Windows host, don't hesitate to contact us if you are facing problems with the setup. The setup should be 
```

Reviewer: comment unaddressed, here and below. You can squash directly.

> similar to the above, udev rules should be on the topmost host, and devices forwarded correctly to the place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
similar to the above, udev rules should be set on the host, and devices forwarded correctly to the place
```
